End adornments for `FinalFormAutocomplete` (#1893)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fifty-ghosts-relax.md

---
"@comet/admin": minor
---

> The prop `endAdornment` is added to `FinalFormAutocomplete`, it is shown instead of the dropdown chevron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `endAdornment` prop to `FinalFormAutocomplete`

If present, the end adornment will be shown instead of the dropdown chevron.
```
